In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl,
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
♪ Miraculous, simply the best
♪ Up to the test
♪ When things go wrong
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest
♪ The power of love
always so strong
♪ Miraculous
♪ Miraculous ♪
Sure it's amazing being Ladybug,
I've got powers, kwamis...
But what if I could
prevent Shadow Moth
from creating villains
in the first place? Ha!
He'd be ruined!
Have you noticed he seems
to re-akumatise people
much more often
these days?
Do you know why?
Because he gets to know them
and figures out
how to manipulate them better!
You're right! I was akumatised
because I was obsessed with you!
You were hiding something
and it drove me crazy.
- But I had to keep it a secret!
- I know, girl.
But now that I know the truth,
I've got your back!
What? Mr Pigeon has already
been akumatised 71 times?
He's just a harmless guy trying
to take care of pigeons.
It's so not fair!
I promised him I'd keep him
safe from Shadow Moth,
but I just can't figure it out.
Argh!
I don't understand a thing
in this spell book!
Master Fu didn't understand
much in it either,
but he was able to do it,
with proper time and rest!
Hold that thought, Wayzz!
I think this is it!
- (Explosion)
- Aaah!
- Ugh!
- Ugh...
I was sure "spicy little rock"
would be pepper.
Alya, help us
reason with her, please?
Marinette, how long
have you been working on this?
I dunno. Maybe ten days.
Now we're on spring break,
I finally have time
to put my whole heart into it!
When was the last time
you worked on a design?
I do loads of designing! Look!
I designed a security system
so nobody can enter my room
when I'm not in,
and if I put this on,
I can hear what's going on,
even when I'm out of the room!
I'll have to break it to you.
I'm the only one who can.
This is totally insane!
Girl, trust your BFF!
When I'm researching something
obsessively,
that's when my mind
can get really blocked.
You know what you need most
right now? A break!
No way! No breaks until I find
out how to keep Shadow Moth
from re-akumatising people!
Aaah!
Tom, this science experiment
is starting to worry me.
But you know that she asked us
not to bother her.
I know you want to stop
Shadow Moth.
But my grandmother says,
"Life is not waiting
for the storm to pass,
it's learning
to dance in the rain.
Dance? How can I dance when
he's going after those I love?
(Trixx whimpers)
I bet you had no idea
Adrien and Kagami
aren't seeing each other
any more.
What? Are you serious?
I have to go and console Kagami!
The poor thing!
She must be devastated!
Hang on. Don't you mean you have
to go and console Adrien?
Why would I console Adrien?
The house-and-three-kids
and a hamster-named-whatever?
Ring a bell?
There's no way
we can be together!
I can't even talk to him!
Besides, I have... no more...
feelings for Adrien!
I don't love him any more.
There!
And Kagami is perfect for him!
She has no problem
talking to him,
and they fence together.
Poor girl.
She must be so upset!
This is a joke, right?
Or maybe all the days
locked in your room
breathing fumes
must have gone to your brain.
Alya, Kagami doesn't have
any friends in Paris besides me.
I have to go and console her.
Fine! Go console Kagami
if you want to.
As long as you're getting
some fresh air, it's all good.
And I'll go through the notes,
and see if I can
- make any sense out of it.
- Oh, you would do that?
You're not alone any more.
I've got your back, remember?
Thanks, Alya.
Forgetting something?
Oops! Spots off!
Aren't you still
forgetting something?
Why? No! Of course! My pool bag!
Uh, Marinette...
Oh! My pyjamas!
Ah, sweetie! That project
of yours is finally done?
- Yes! I mean, no!
- (Stomach rumbles)
But Alya is helping me,
so I'll take a break!
Maybe you should take something
to eat on the road.
Thanks, Dad!
Now, let's go cheer up Kagami!
(Phone rings)
- Hello?
- Kagami! Where are you?
- In the Tuileries.
- Perfect!
Don't move. I'm on my way!
- Now is not a good time --
- I'll always be
there for you, Kagami!
Kagami!
Oh! Would you like
a brioche, Mrs Tsurugi?
Mother, you remember Marinette?
Yes. I distinctly remember
your very unique friend.
I'll bring her back in an hour!
Try the ones with fresh fruit.
It's one of my dad's
new recipes! They're delish!
- Mmm.
- Adrien is at the pool,
getting ready to shoot
his next ad!
It's the perfect place
to make up!
You know his schedule by heart?
Yeah, for the next 3 years,
duh! But who cares?
'Cause today's the day that I'm
getting you two back together!
I don't want
to get back with Adrien.
I decided to break up and --
Of course you did!
You felt unworthy of him,
but you're wrong!
You're strong,
you're both perfect!
- Marinette!
- You're meant for each other!
I get it.
It's out of sight, out of mind.
But when
you lay eyes on him again,
you'll both blush and stutter,
talk about big houses,
three kids and a hamster
and it'll all be wonderful!
- (Phone rings)
- Sorry. Hello?
I don't want to be with Adrien
any more. He let me down.
Just trust me! I can prove
that he's worthy of you!
Of course! Makes sense!
They've closed the pool
to rehearse in private!
- Perfect, let's go!
- Absolutely, let's go...
inside,
by distracting the bodyguard.
I'll have to break it to you,
'cause only I can.
This is totally insane!
Jumping into freezing water
when we could be peacefully
eating cheese? Oh!
I take back everything I said!
Everything is great!
(Munches)
Just great. Mmm! Mmm!
OK, now picture it, Gabe.
Adrien is on top
of the Eiffel tower,
bathed in sunlight.
He jumps off. Slow motion.
Doves flutter all around him
as if his fall would never end.
The catchphrase,
"Dive into romantic, magical,
eternal Paris!"
And then splash,
right into a glass
of sparkling golden juice!
Packshot! "Splash"
the new fragrance by Gabriel!
Those birds are not doves.
They're pigeons.
(Laughs)
Not at all! They're doves!
- My birds aren't do --
- I know they're pigeons.
But it is in our interests
if Agreste believes
they're doves!
Mine, because he's paying me
a lot of money,
and yours because I can convince
the mayor to create a space
specifically dedicated
to pigeons in Paris.
So, for today,
your pigeons are doves. Got it?
OK, everybody, places!
Action!
(Blows pigeon caller)
Something is missing.
(Giggles)
Adrien's at the pool! There!
We've got "Magical Paris",
and "Eternal Paris"
but we're missing
"Romantic Paris."
A red rose!
I want one of these doves
to bring a rose to my son.
He'll take it between his teeth,
before he enters the water.
That will be perfect.
You can count on Edgar!
No animal's more obedient
than this sweet little pigeon!
Dove! They're doves!
Hang on.
I'm allergic to pigeons.
Nothing will happen!
They're doves!
I'll give you 30 minutes
to set this all up.
You heard the man, Ramier.
You better not let me down!
And now, time for camouflage!
Do you always
carry this with you?
Of course, I have to be rea --
I mean, you
have to be ready
for any opportunity
whenever you run into Adrien!
Everything folds up neatly,
even this fancy ball gown!
You'll be needing it
when you get back together!
Here are the swimsuits!
No time to lose!
I bet you're starting
to fall in love with him again!
- No.
- You've not seen him in action.
Action!
- Atchoo! Aaah!
- (Splash)
Your pigeon
isn't up for the job!
Why bring back the rose?
The sneeze frightened him!
I told you, I'm allergic
to pigeons! Atchoo!
Did you see how handsome he is?
Did you feel your heart
beat faster? Get the shivers?
I felt sorry
for that poor pigeon tamer.
You haven't looked
into each other's eyes yet!
- Oh! I've got an idea!
- (Groans)
Here,
for your allergy to the doves!
KAGAMI: What are you doing?
Put me down right now!
I'm helping your eyes meet!
He's looking at you!
Look at him! Look at him!
This cannot be happening!
How complicated is it
to deliver a rose in mid-flight
to a model?
It's all my fault.
I thought I saw
one of my friends from school!
Well, I don't see anyone,
except a stupid bird
that's incapable of doing
what it's been asked to do
and that's gonna get banned
from all of Paris
if it continues
to ruin my rehearsals!
No, Marinette, I didn't feel
anything, except shame,
for me, for Adrien
and for this embarrassing
situation!
- I'm leaving!
- You were too far apart!
It's when you're close together
that you really feel it!
I've got an idea!
- Are you ready?
- Of course! Grr!
Remember, Edgar,
if Mr Roth is happy,
he'll speak to the mayor
and pigeons will live in Paris
happily ever after!
Action!
Marinette! Stop it!
This is completely crazy!
Love is crazy, so stop
thinking so much and dive in!
- Aaah!
- Marinette?
Edgar!
Marinette,
what are you doing here?
Who, me? I just came here to do
a few laps and wind you up!
I mean, unwind! How about you?
We're in rehearsal
for a commercial.
- The pool was closed --
- Closed? Oh!
That's why there was
no one at the desk!
Oh, boy, I wouldn't want
to kiss you, I mean keep you,
keep you from your job.
So I'll be on my way!
Ha, ha! Aaah!
This is a complete failure.
It's not my fault!
It's his fault!
How dare you?
Edgar is my best friend,
the most intelligent
and loyal pigeon there ever was!
- So it is a pigeon.
- What? This is a pigeon?
How dare you cheat me
out of the real thing?
So sorry. I'll find
a replacement immediately!
- I know a good shark tamer!
- Do not disappoint me again.
This commercial
is turning into a fiasco,
but maybe we can salvage
something beneficial from it,
my love.
You! Get out of my pool!
You're fired!
But how about the mayor?
I'll tell the mayor
to ban those flying rats
and tamers like you,
now and forever! Get out!
- Mr Ramier...
- I failed.
I sense that this time
Mr Ramier's distress
has reached new depths!
Fly, my lovely akuma
and evilise his unhinged heart.
(Fans shouting for Adrien)
Mr Pigeon, I am Shadow Moth.
Since humans and pigeons cannot
live together in harmony...
I will turn every human
into a pigeon!
(Cooes)
What would Paris be
without its pigeons
and without Mr Pigeon!
From now on, everyone will have
to accept us, my friends,
because everyone
will be just like us!
Kagami, please!
Just one last try!
Now I know what I got wrong!
I haven't gone
far back enough in time!
Let's recreate the moment
you first fell in love!
Marinette, I'm going to tell
you, once and for all --
Kagami?
Adrien!
And we were having
such a pleasant time.
Tikki, spots on!
Atchoo!
PLAGG AND LADYBIRD: Adrien!
This is not the time
to get trapped!
Cat Noir! I won't make it
through this without you!
You'll have to.
Cat Noir has been feathered.
Lucky charm!
A hand drill? I don't think
you'll get out of here
with such a tiny hole.
Who said anything
about getting out?
Of course! Just like
with every other investigation,
the answer was
right under my nose
since the very beginning!
This is not normal.
No, it isn't. We'll never know!
Mr Pigeon is back
for the 72nd time,
and now
he's transforming Parisians --
- Ladybug!
- I'm stuck at the pool.
- Shall I get you out?
- No, not you.
It's too dangerous
to be out in Paris.
Cat Noir's
been transformed into a pigeon.
- How can I help?
- I need Ladybug and Cat Noir
- to lure Mr Pigeon back here.
- Got it.
Ladybug needs us.
Trixx, let's pounce!
Mirage!
- Illusions are on their way!
- Thanks, Rena Rouge.
This way, Mr Mayor.
Hurry. Hurry!
No need for permission to turn
Paris into a pigeon paradise
when the mayor himself
is a pigeon!
Don't forget that there are
other evil animals in Paris,
ready to put a stop
to your power.
Ladybug! Cat Noir!
Give yourselves up,
or else I'll spread my wings
even farther.
So far... that the entire world
will become pigeons!
If I were you, I'd transform
people into kittens.
Everyone likes kittens better!
Or into ladybugs!
At least they bring good luck!
I couldn't have said it better!
- Nice work, Rena!
- Oh, yes!
Ladybugs make an excellent
snack... for pigeons!
Sure, but you gotta
catch them first!
Careful!
If they touch the illusions,
- they'll disappear!
- Don't worry!
- Plagg, you're up!
- Ugh, I hate water and pigeons,
and that Cat Noir isn't here
to do this instead of me!
(Cooing) Ha, ha, ha!
Jewels are forbidden
in the pool, Ladybug!
It's time, Rena!
I'm afraid this time
we don't have a choice, Milady.
It's time to throw in the towel,
Kittycat!
- Finally!
- Now!
Take them if you can!
Pigeons might not like water,
but I do!
No!
My bird call!
There you go!
No more evil-doing for you,
little akuma!
Time to de-evilise.
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Miraculous Ladybug!
Huh?
Have fun with your little
magic tricks, Ladybug.
One day I will crush you
and that won't be an illusion!
Happy to see you again, Adrien.
So, still allergic to pigeons?
Atchoo! Just as always, Plagg!
Oh, no... I was the victim
of Shadow Moth again, wasn't I?
I wish I could tell you it would
be the last time, Mr Ramier,
but that's a miracle
I cannot perform.
- Don't be so sure!
- Rena Rouge?
You've been so focused
on being a guardian
that you've forgotten
you're Ladybug!
You found something
in the spellbook?
No! There was nothing to find!
What if the rules
are not a finite set
of existing rules,
but only what the guardians
had learned so far?
Which means... If my power
is the power of creation...
Yes! Create! Your only limits
are the ones
you put on yourself!
Wow! What happened to your suit?
And what's that?
It's a... magical charm!
Mr Ramier,
always keep this with you.
It will protect you
from negative emotions.
Does this mean that Shadow Moth
can't akumatise me any more?
Oh! Do you hear that,
my friends?
We'll never be
Paris's villains again!
- Pound it!
That girl is truly miraculous.
You know, that whole
heart-beating, tingling,
knees trembling thing?
I felt all that...
from you. You're the one
blushing and stuttering
and saying silly things
every time you see Adrien.
You're the one
who knows his schedule by heart.
You're right, Marinette.
Adrien is perfect.
He's perfect for you.
I... but... Kagami!
Wow, you've had it
all this time?
Oh, yeah, it's a sorry sight.
I mean, sorry, you're right!
This is your embrace, I mean,
umbrella, you let me kiss...
keep, er, keep! I can finally
gaze... I mean give it back!
You're gonna need it
to get through all this.
That's true.
Or maybe we could drop you off?
Oh! (Laughter)
We've got an umbrella,
why don't we use it?
We could... walk home.
What do you say?
I...
I have Chinese class. You know
how demanding my father is.
But see you tomorrow, at school?
Yes. See you tomorrow, Adrien.
- Ooh!
- (Chuckles)
They really are
made for each other.
Tatsu! Let's go!
- Everything OK, Marinette?
- Everything's great, Tikki.
Life is not about waiting
for the storm to pass,
but learning
to dance in the rain.
Woohoo!